Add CSS `round()` function to experimental Firefox features (#22393)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### round() math function

> CSS [`round()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/round) function is a math function that rounded number based on a selected rounding strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CSS [`round()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/round) function is a math function that rounds a number (or the result of an expression) based on a selected rounding strategy.
```
